Update configure-local-registry.adoc (#625)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-local-registry.adoc

* If you create a Runtime Fabric instance to use with a local registry, you cannot later reconfigure it to use the `rtf-runtime-registry` endpoint. To use the `rtf-runtime-registry` endpoint, you must install a new Runtime Fabric instance using the standard installation procedure.

> * You're responsible for synchronization between your registry and the Runtime Fabric registry. MuleSoft doesn't provide additional software to synchronize images between the registries. Please push all the dependency images under the relevant version in Relase Notes to your local registry before you start the installation https://docs.mulesoft.com/release-notes/runtime-fabric/runtime-fabric-release-notes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You're responsible for synchronization between your registry and the Runtime Fabric registry. MuleSoft doesn't provide additional software to synchronize images between the registries. Push all the dependency images for your version to your local registry before you start the installation. See the xref:release-notes::runtime-fabric/runtime-fabric-release-notes.adoc[Runtime Fabric release notes] for the required dependencies for your Runtime Fabric version.  
```
